hey everybody it is brad with android
police and i'm here with another review
for you open pain just released a new
round of games well open vein didn't but
developers released a new round of games
that support openfeint and i'm a big fan
of open paint i really like the idea i'm
a big fan of like xbox live and
everything so i thought i'd shoot a
review for you guys here the game i'm
going to be talking about today is super
drill panic and i really like it it's a
really nice nostalgic game so let's go
ahead and get started on that so first
we'll go into the game here I really
they're getting really creative with the
splash screens and I enjoy it okay so
here's the menu screen you can see on
the bottom here it's welcoming me back
uh so just go ahead and go straight to
play and I've already been playing so I
got a little bit a little bit farther
than it's going to start you out but you
can get all kinds of upgrades for your
stuff what the coins you collect the
wool will see that in a second alright
so basically the gameplay is you tilt
the screen to get your little guy to run
and not get hit by the falling rock
which you can see the graphics are real
like old school and nostalgic I'm just a
big fan of the gameplay it's real
addictive real easy to just kind of pick
up and play when you're not doing
anything waiting waiting in line at the
bank if you want to annoy everybody with
the sounds game was kind of nice to have
as you can see i just got the hourglass
pick up that freezes the rock for a
little bit but yeah i really like it and
mainly the point of the game is just to
collect the coins also not to get killed
by a rock but mostly just to get money
awesome
hmm
see it's pretty a pretty simple
straightforward game collecting coins
getting power-ups another thing I'll
show you in a minute after i finish this
level if i get enough coins here
oh man
I really want to get that hammer and
power up
you think the guy would learn his lesson
because I mean the whole game is this
way he grabs one of those things is a
lot like Indiana Jones when he grabs the
when he grabs a little Idol and then the
rock starts chasing after him which i
think is hilarious it's nice little
throwback it's a very nostalgic game
like I said before I just really dig the
graphics and how simple gameplay is the
Sun effects and everything just go
together perfectly I really like it a
lot I've been playing it quite a bit
here we go hammer oh I missed it that's
not good oh yeah the levels get
obviously get harder as you progress on
so it adds in like little blocks and
stuff so you can't get through so you
have to go a certain way I'm an
adventurer this time
who these little spider things that kill
you oh man this rock is going to get me
here boom blasting through the ground
there we go now you can go into the shop
and all I've got enough money and you
can count you can upgrade your stuff
right here like we got the hammer
upgrade the time upgrade in the running
boots basically when you upgrade them
the hammer one is going to let you bust
down an extra level of the of the ground
time is going to extend the time that
that rock is suspended up there and
running boots is going to make you run
faster my personal favorite is running
boots so we'll go with that as you can
see my guy is significantly faster now
oh alright and I just don't like the
next level we'll go ahead and go back to
the main menu so yeah you just got that
fun little game you're just trying to
get the highest score obviously just
like any other game got full faint
integration which I said I'm a big fan
of faint I really like being able to see
leaderboards and get achievements and
video games especially on a phone I
really think that an internet-connected
device really should should have had
something like this from the start just
because it's it's really fun you know
just to be able to compete with people
online I right kind of I mean not
necessarily with this game but I'd like
to see a little bit more multiplayer
games especially integrated with faint
but yeah it's just a just a fun little
casual game that is just really fun to
play really easy to pick up the only
controls are doing this so I mean yeah
it's available in the market right now
and you guys should totally go pick it
up because I want you to cry when you
see my score and just you know realize
that you'll probably never be this good
at super drill panic so in summary by
super drill panic and play it and
compete with me because I enjoy that
kind of thing this has been Brad with
android police and thank you for
watching